All right here you are with another challenging exercise.
This is a question for exercise 97.
I'd like you to create a program that asked the user to submit text repeatedly just as you did in the
previous exercise.
But in the previous exercise we were saving the changes and closing the program and the file with one
single command.
So with the Close command. In this exercise I'd like you to change your program so that the program
saves the changes when you do submits save, but the program doesn't close, and also the program saves
changes and closes as it did in the previous exercise when the user submits close.
This is a behavioral program.
Write a value, as you can see a file was created.
Use the data, save close dot txt. You can give it any name you want.
I'm going to split it on the right here.
So a new file has been created.
Now if you enter some values. Hey.
The value is not written there immediately because the user has not entered save. Another hi.
And then if you press, if you enter save the changes will be saved in there, but the program is still running.
So if you want you can see that values there.
And save. Hi again is there. Hi once more.
Now if you press close, the program saves the last submitted line and closes.
So as you can see if this gives the user more control to the program.
I hope this is clear and I hope you solve this exercise, and yeah, I'll talk to you later.